Document new dropped and truncated log metrics (#20528)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/troubleshooting/_index.md

See [Set daily quota][3] for more information on setting up, updating or removing the quota.

## Missing logs - timestamp outside of the ingestion window

> Logs with a timestamp it outside the 18 hours ingestion window will be dropped at intake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Logs with a timestamp outside the 18 hours ingestion window will be dropped at intake.
```

And also by the way it's not intake but I don't think it matters for customers

> Logs with a timestamp it outside the 18 hours ingestion window will be dropped at intake.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logs with a timestamp further than 18 hours in the past are dropped at intake.
```

Go to [Logs Explorer][2] to see new JSON logs with their mapped timestamp.

## Truncated logs

> Logs above 1MB will be truncated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Logs above 1MB are truncated.
```
